[8.18]AI for Security updates (#6691)
elastic/security-docs: docs/AI-for-security/connector-guides-landing-pg.asciidoc

[[llm-connector-guides]]
= Enable large language model (LLM) access

{elastic-sec} uses large language models (LLMs) for some of its advanced analytics features. To enable these features, you can connect to Elastic LLM, a third-party LLM provider, or a custom local LLM. 

IMPORTANT: Different LLMs have varying performance when used to power different features and use-cases. For more information about how various models perform on different tasks in {elastic-sec}, refer to the <<llm-performance-matrix>>.

[discrete]
== Connect to Elastic LLM 

> Elastic LLM is enabled by default for any user with the necessary Elastic license or subscription. To use it:

Reviewer: (Optional edit) Although "license" and "subscription" are used interchangeably, I think we lean towards "subscription" when describing license requirements for on-prem and cloud deployments. 

```suggestion
Elastic LLM is enabled by default for any user with the necessary {stack} subscription. To use it:
```
